Q1) What are the advantages and disadvantages of each of the two scheduling policies? Also, give the advantages and disadvantages of the round robin scheduling policy originally implemented in Xinu.

Ans)

Exponential Distribution scheduler:

Advantages: 
(i) Since the processes are scheduled randomnly, the CPU experiences no starvation.
(ii) This random scheduler makes the processes never to be scheduled in the same order.
(iii) It is easier to implement.

Disadvantages: 
(i) An I/O process might not get the chance to be scheduled if it received lowe priority than other processes, which is not desirable.
(ii) An optimal lamba value has to be chosen otherwise it would result in an unfair scheduler.


Linux-like scheduler:

Advantages:
(i) Every process is guarenteed a time slot to run in every epoch based on the goodness.
(ii) Linux-like scheduler handles the I/O interrupts better compared to default XINU scheduler or exponential distribution scheduler as a process that yielded the CPU might get another chance to be scheduled within the same epoch.
(iii) If a process did not get a chance to be scheduled in previous epoch, its priority is increased and thereby given more time to run.

Disadvantages:
(i) The implementation is much more complex with more edge cases to be considered.


Round Robin Scheduling in Default XINU scheduler:

Advantages:
(i) Processes are scheduled based on the higher priorities and if the priorities are equal, the processes are scheduled alternatively for small quantums till they are finished executing.
(ii) Compared to other non-preeptive schedlers, this has better response time.

Disadvantages:
(i) Processes with low priorities might never get a chance to be scheduled unless there are no new processes with high priorities.


Q2) Describe the way each of the schedulers affects the NULL process.

Ans) 
Exponential Distribution scheduler: 
NULL process gets scheduled if and only if the ready queue is empty. 

Linux-Like Scheduler: 
The NULL process does not get scheduled as its goodness value is always 0.

Default XINU Scheduler: 
NULL process is scheduled if and only if the ready queue is empty.
